---
layout: post
title:  "Happy New Year 2017"
date:   2017-01-04 0:00:00 +0800
categories: update yearly
---

I would like to wish everyone a Happy New year!

I can't believe it's already been two years since I’ve moved to California. Time flies by so quickly! Here is a short update on what I have been up to:

I’ve been progressing on my PhD project, where I am seeking to improve the success rate of pregnancy and birth of in-vitro-fertilization (IVF) procedures. I am using optical coherence tomography (OCT) to image and characterize mouse embryos, and trying to identify markers and parameters that will empower the clinicians in selecting ideal embryos for implantation.

On the class side, I have now completed my Masters in Mechanical Engineering focusing on medical devices and biomechanics. I’m interested in product design, particularly in minimally invasive procedures.

Last year, I co-founded [Lelantus Medical](www.lelantusmed.com), as we believed there was a market demand for our product. Throughout the year we had several notable successes, finishing second at the Johns Hopkins Business Plan Competition, and Finalists at OneStart Americas and BASES. Through these programs we learned a lot, and had a chance to better understand the market. Sadly, a few weeks ago we have decided to put the project on hold and shut down the company. Nevertheless, we have learnt so much that could not have been achieved in a classroom setting. I will be taking this experience with me for the next chapter.

This year has been great for me – I got to visit new places and re-visit some places I haven’t been in years. Thanks to those of you who welcomed me in Washington DC, Boston, New York and Beijing. It was great catching up with you, and hopefully some of you make the trip out to San Francisco sometime soon!

I look forward to see what 2017 has in store!
Please let me know how things are going in your life - as I would love to reconnect!