---
layout: post
title:  "Happy New Year 2019"
date:   2019-02-01 0:00:00 +0800
categories: update yearly
---

Happy belated New Year! I'm developping a bad habit of posting these a few weeks late...

I can not believe another year has come and gone. 2017 was a rollercoaster after I decided to leave my PhD. 2018 has been a year full of growth, travel, and memories. Looking forward to 2019!
As it has been tradition, here is what I've been up to in 2018:
 
In March, I took a leave of absence, and joined Spect, a start-up based in Palo Alto. Our mission is to prevent curable blindness by democratizing access to eye care. As the first engineering hire, I’ve had the privilege to work on interesting work defining the direction of the company, roadmap and strategy. I knew that my day to day would not match my job description. However, I was taken by surprise on the vast span of topics that I would learn in such short time. In addition to manufacturing and product development, I’ve taken on intellectual property (patents), and regulatory and quality affairs. Learning how to effectively manage a diverse team of contractors has been a fun challenge.
 
I’ve also had the opportunity to travel. I finally made it to the land down under (Australia), and made great memories with old and new friends. I walked on the beautiful sandy beaches in Hawaii, and back to Europe and Hong Kong.
 
Back in May, I moved up to San Francisco, so if you ever are in the area – let me know. I’d love to catch up, face-to-face, over a call, or send me a quick note! As always, I’m interested in hearing about what is new in your life!